[DOC] Add concept doc for Dashboard (#3602)
perses/perses: docs/concepts/dashboard.md

# Dashboard

A Perses dashboard is a collection of structured panels that visualize observability data from various sources. Each dashboard is associated with a project and is defined using a structured specification. Dashboards can also be managed [as-code](../concepts/dashboard-as-code.md), allowing version control and automation.

> Datasources define where the dashboard fetches its data from. They serve as the connection point between Perses and the observability backends. [Datasources](../overview.md) from all four obervability pillars are supported.

Author: updated

[Variables](../concepts/variable.md) enable dynamic filtering and customization within dashboards. They let users interactively change the query scopes, filter data, or customize dashboard views without modifying the underlying dashboard configuration, making dashboards more flexible and reusable.

Panels are the core visual elements in a Perses dashboard. They display specific data using charts, tables, or other visualization types, allowing users to quickly interpret metrics, traces, logs or profiles.

> Queries specify the exact data to retrieve from a data source. They are written in the data source’s query language and power the panels by extracting relevant metrics, logs, traces or profiles to visualize.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Panels are the core visual elements in a Perses dashboard. They display specific data using charts, tables, or other visualization types, allowing users to quickly interpret metrics, traces, logs or profiles. Panels are powered by queries, that are written in a data source’s query language and specify the exact data to retrieve from this data source.
```
